

Well, <playername>, if it were up to me, you'd be sent to the biochem
reclaimment center, all digital trace of you purged from every archive,
and you lineage backtraced three generations with the same treatment
across every branch we could find.  However, the state does not find
your crimes as horrifying as I do.  You may feel they were victimless,
but you worked to undermine the systems that have given so many of us
life, and those systems require respect.  A lack of respect for them
has costs.

I can't speak further from my personal viewpoints.

You have been granted a second chance.  A work release program of sorts.
Prove your merit to society, and you will be rewarded.
You're free not to, but you can't do much harm here, and failure to
participate in society only results in a slow, boring death of resource
starvation.  I expect little else than to be washing the decomposed
ammonia laden soup of your life support unit next time I visit.

The only reason we're trying this is because we're losing the war, and
we need resources out here to win.  If this line falters, the front
gets pushed to earth, and earth loses because they're fat and weak,
and humanity across the system falls.  It's the end of it.  I think even
a short-sighted, probably drug-addled, gratification seeking, 
serotonin and dopamine craving scumbag such as yourself can see there
are bigger factors at play than the immediate situation.  But I doubt
you can muster enough "humanity" to care.

The next part I have to recite verbatim, and it's hard for me to do so
when I'm filled with the rage of such lowly parasocial vermin as
yourself.  Please, do not interrupt.


<Playername>. The state hereby grants your privelege to sanctioned,
administrated trade within the inner ring colonies. The state further
grants you, <Playername>, the sole control, profits, rewards, and
all responsibilities of the former mining colony <123>.  The state
makes no promise to you, <Playername>, or any of your acquaintences,
any promise of security, etc on this godforsaken rock.

Good Luck
-Commander Rick Hardslab


This is a 3D space exploration game where the player explores an
abandoned automated mining colony on an asertoid, and slowling
brings it back online through exploration, ship/player upgrades, etc
